some edits to the advanced tutorial (#170)
NeurodataWithoutBorders/nwbinspector: docs/user_guide/advanced_usage.rst

----------------------

Both the :py:class:`~nwbinspector.nwbinspector.inspect_all` and :py:class:`~nwbinspector.nwbinspector.inspect_nwb`
functions return generators. That is, they do not actually run any checks on any NWBFile until the user

> performs an iteration command on them. The simplest way of doing this as simply casting the generator as a ``list``,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
performs an iteration command on them. The simplest way of doing this is to cast the generator as a ``list``,
```
